# Findlings-
Findlings from May 

Youth has always scoffed at the big cars, calling them rolling palaces. Ask the man who’s owned for or five Buick Electras. Or living rooms on wheels. One look and you can tell he could probably own any car he wanted to. But sooner or later the scoffing stops and one begins to see what the Ninety-Eight is all about. But every year or two he comes back for a another Electra. Everything is so comfortable inside, including the ride. Inside he finds the kind of quiet world we’d all like to escape to every once in a while. To find out how rough the road is, you almost have to look. The appointments: undiluted luxury. Armrests and ashtrays surround you. The controls precisely placed. In some ways it’s even more comfortable than your living room. With almost every conceivable power assist available. Mention Electra to your Buick dealer and see what happens. So we can all breathe a little bit easier. 


Many of the "extras" you want are standard on Ninety-Eights. You get some big items as standard equipment. The Ninety-Eight is a big car. So are the power front disc brakes, the rack-and-pinion streering, and the childguard locks on the rear doors. And that's a very practical consideration if you have a big family. And that's the inside story. Or weekend trips to the lake. And that's a good turn for Cricket. You negotiate scrubboard roads, chuck-holes, hairpin curves and smooth interstate highways with ease. Stop a Cricket sometime and find out for yourself. Extremely effecient sound-proofing helps keep outside noises out. 

What makes the special edition so special? No phoniness. No foolishness. No nonsense. How do you like the color of  this car? Isn't it attractive? It looks honest. With no fins or fandangles. Do they use salt on the streets to melt snow where you live? The engine is honest too. You know what it can do to a car. It goes miles and miles on every gallon of regular or no-lead or low-lead gas. The tiney little pinpoints of rust that keep getting bigger. And when you get into it, Vega has full-foam front bucket seats like some expensive luxury cars. Chrysler is doing something about that, too. And lots of it for all of them. I'll bet you've never heard of the Bouncing Betty. You're right. See what I mean? No jive. They're as concerned about this sort of thing as much as they're concerned about the good looks. 



Some kids shoot up heroin-and die. He's almost old enough to know. Many kids don't get their shots against measles and German measles-and risk being crippled for life. And as a parent, you know he's going to be tempted. The after-effects of measles can leave a child with serious brain damage. If you seem anxious or overly converned when you talk to him, he might think you're trying to keep him from something he should know about. The two vaccine are safe, effective and easy to get from your doctor or local health department. Tell him first that you love him and trust him. And tragedies are still taking place. Because you've been teaching him the idea of moderation in everything. Some carry the effects of measles and German measles for life. Including the products we sell. Then, get after everyone you know to do the same for their kids. After all, whiskey is a pleasure that should be reserved for peple who are old enough to enjoy it sensibly. 
